docs: fix old link to mintscan (#1947)
celestiaorg/docs: how-to-guides/mocha-testnet.md

These RPC endpoints allow bridge nodes to sync blocks from the Celestia network.
For users, they will need to provide a `–core.ip string`

> from a consensus node's URL or IP that populates a default RPC port at 26657

Author: ```suggestion
from a consensus node’s URL or IP that populates a default RPC port at 26657
```

There are several explorers you can use for Mocha:

> - `https://www.mintscan.io/celestia-testnet/`

Author: ```suggestion
- `https://mintscan.io/celestia-testnet/`
```
